capital = 624

set_research_slots = 2
set_convoys = 80
set_stability = 0.65
set_war_support = 0.35
starting_train_buffer = 2.0

set_technology = {
	basic_train = 1
	### Infantry ###
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
}

recruit_character = CRB_parliament
recruit_character = CRB_Aiba_Asagi
recruit_character = CRB_Aikawa_Shiho
recruit_character = CRB_Aiswordgur_Yajiz
recruit_character = CRB_Akatsuki_Kojo
recruit_character = CRB_Akatsuki_Moegi
recruit_character = CRB_Akatsuki_Nagisa
recruit_character = CRB_Akatsuki_Reina
recruit_character = CRB_Astaluti
recruit_character = CRB_Aurora_Florestina
recruit_character = CRB_Carly
recruit_character = CRB_Cereida_Shati
recruit_character = CRB_Dimitrier_Vatola
recruit_character = CRB_Eguji_Yume
recruit_character = CRB_Ge_Lianda
recruit_character = CRB_Habanami_Yuri
recruit_character = CRB_Hesaki_Makoto
recruit_character = CRB_Himeragi_Yukina
recruit_character = CRB_Jiada_Kukokan
recruit_character = CRB_Kanase_Kanon
recruit_character = CRB_Kayo_Chinei
recruit_character = CRB_Kirasaka_Sayaka
recruit_character = CRB_Kondo
recruit_character = CRB_La_Folia_Rihavein
recruit_character = CRB_Lidian_Titi
recruit_character = CRB_Mao_Shizuko
recruit_character = CRB_Minamiya_Natsuki
recruit_character = CRB_Nina_Adillad
recruit_character = CRB_Sasazaki_Misaki
recruit_character = CRB_Sizukunasi_Castella
recruit_character = CRB_Tenka_Kano
recruit_character = CRB_Tokoyogi_Aya
recruit_character = CRB_Tokoyogi_Yuma
recruit_character = CRB_Vertyana_Karyana
recruit_character = CRB_Yaze_Motoki
recruit_character = CRB_Zii_Juranbalada

add_ideas = {
	CRB_independent_state
}
activate_advisor = CRB_Minamiya_Natsuki
activate_advisor = CRB_Aiswordgur_Yajiz_high_command
activate_advisor = CRB_Jiada_Kukokan_theorist
activate_advisor = CRB_Dimitrier_Vatola


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1932.6.15"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 78
	neutrality = 15
	communism = 2
	fascism = 5
}

